Summitsoft Commercial License

1. Approved Usage

Summitsoft fonts included with this software are for personal AND commercial use, which includes advertisements, web banners, and other for-profit projects. Summitsoft licenses each included font for use by the purchaser on a maximum of two (2) computers (owned by purchaser).

If this font is used on more than two computers or computers not owned by purchaser, please contact Summitsoft for extra user licenses.

2. Non-approved Usage

You are not allowed to adapt, translate, modify, reverse engineer or create derivitive works based on Summitsoft fonts for the purpose of re-distribution or reselling of the font file. 

Summitsoft also specializes in custom fonts. Contact Summitsoft at sales@summitsoftcorp.com for more information on creating custom Summitsoft fonts for your own use. Summitsoft fonts are not to be distributed, sold, or used in applications that are directly sold without further licensing.

3. No Unauthorized Copying

You may not copy or duplicate Summitsoft fonts in any form (except for backup purposes). You may take a digitized copy of the Font Software used for a particular document, or Font Software embedded in an electronic document, to a commercial printer or service bureau for use by the printer or service in printing such document

4. Ownership

Summitsoft retains title and ownership of Summitsoft fonts and all subsequent copies, wherever those copies may exist. This agreement does not grant you any rights to intellectual property rights regarding the fonts. You are purchasing a license to use the fonts in accordance with the specified terms.

You may not rent, lease, sublicense, give, lend, or further distribute Summitsoft fonts, or any copy thereof, except as expressly provided herein. You may transfer all your rights to use the Font Software to another person or legal entity provided that the transferee accepts and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions of the EULA and you destroy all copies of the font Software, including all copies stored in the memory of a hardware device.

5. Credits

Unless otherwise stated, you agree to acknowledge Summitsoft as the trademark and copyright owner of the Summitsoft font(s) you are using and list the Summitsoft font names whenever design, production, or other credits are shown. You agree not to infringe on Summitsoft trademarks or tradenames.

6. Terms

Summitsoft has the right to terminate your license immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this agreement. Within 10 days after notification of termination of this agreement, you agree to destroy all copies of Summitsoft fonts and to certify to Summitsoft by email at sales@summitsoftcorp.com that you have done so. 

7. Limited Warranty

Summitsoft makes no warranties expressed or implied as to fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, or otherwise. Summitsoft does not warrant the performance or results you get from using the fonts. 

8. Limit of Liability

In no event will Summitsoft Corporation be liable to you for any consequential or incidental damages, including any lost revenue, profits, goodwill or savings, or for any claim by any third party.

Contact Summitsoft Corporation at sales@summitsoftcorp.com for more information.

Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Summitsoft Corporation
http://www.summitsoftcorp.com
